[music}
I wanted to improve my skills. I wanted
to give myself more
opportunities and I know that the tools
that I
develop here are going to allow me to
advance in my career. I'm smarter than I
think I am.
And they enforced that in me to the point
that increased this level of confidence that
without them I couldn't have achieved. I
really couldn't have achieved. It's been a great experience. It's amazing how well you
can communicate
well with all the skill and practices
that we've learned in our program.
We really tailor the services the
education to the students;
we have a very diverse a group of
professors that bring
life experience and bring also education,
academic experience
into the classroom. I have been in love with
social work
since I took my first social work class in
the seventies
and I love working at CSUN because
of really the diversity of every
type folks in terms of every type of
culture that we have here
and we bring that diversity together and
try
help you learn how to take that out in
the world
for people to help those who are in
need of help.
You can now be doing therapy at one
moment, you can be doing research in
another,
statistics, you know science-based and
evidence-based
practices. It's really amazing and
the faculty, they're so diverse and
everyone is an expert in their field and
we were able to benefit greatly from
all in their knowledge and experience.
We became this
very tight family where we not only
talk to each other on Saturdays,
but talk to each other throughout the week.
In social work, you not only start as
a cohort,
but you take your classes together and
you take the same classes
in a certain order. What I like about it
is, it's a real challenge to
teach. When I walk into the room, you all know each other;
the other thing I like about it is once
you get to know each other we can get a
great
discussion going because once you know
each other you can take more risks with
each other
and really challenge one another as well
as collaborate and agree with one
another.
All the skills that I have actually learned in social work is something that I'm able to apply
in my day to day job.
It's something it's useful. It's like an
investment not only for myself but an investment
for my community
and the people I service. The master social work program is
pretty unique probably among every
every discipline because
we learn to work and live with a code
of ethics
by the National Association of Social
Workers. So
it's a way of life, it's a way thinking, a
a way of
looking at people and a way of being more
compassionate and understanding
and it doesn't just affect your profession
and the job you do,
it affects your life. I'm Patrick Muro,
Human Services Administrator with the
Los Angeles County Department of Public
Social Services
and today I graduate with my Master of
Social Work.